feature/SM-5846-Close a Sample Inspection Target (#695)
departmentfortransport/street-manager-docs: docs/api-documentation/V2.10.7/index.md

<code>PUT /geographical-areas/{geographicalAreaReferenceNumber}</code>

> Geographical Areas allow Admins of a Highway Authority organistation to divide works and records geographically for HA users (such as permit officers or inspectors). Organisations can have a maximum of 100 Geographical Areas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Geographical Areas allow Admins of a Highway Authority organisation to divide works and records geographically for HA users (such as permit officers or inspectors). Organisations can have a maximum of 100 Geographical Areas.
```

<code>GET /sample-inspection-targets​/{sampleInspectionTargetReferenceNumber}</code>

<code>PUT /sample-inspection-targets​/{sampleInspectionTargetReferenceNumber}</code>

<code>PUT /sample-inspection-targets​/{sampleInspectionTargetReferenceNumber}​/close</code>

Sample Inspections Targets allow Admins of a Highway Authority organistation to define sample inspection targets for promoters they would like to inspect.
{: .govuk-body}

The POST endpoint will create the sample inspection targets and return a sample inspection reference number.
{: .govuk-body}

The GET endpoint will require the sample inspection reference number of the intended sample inspection target to return information.
{: .govuk-body}

The PUT endpoint will update the sample inspection targets and will require sample inspection reference number and updated targets.
{: .govuk-body}

The second PUT endpoint (labeled 'close') will close the sample inspection target and set any linked sample inspections to <code>expired</code>. This will require a sample inspection reference number.
{: .govuk-body}

#### Sample Inspections
{: .govuk-heading-s}

<code>POST /sample-inspection</code>

> Sample Inspections allow a HA to generate a sample inspection list for a promoter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sample Inspections allow a HA to generate sample inspections based on their Sample Inspection Targets.
```

{: .govuk-body}

> The POST endpoint will start a job which will generate sample inspections list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The POST endpoint will start a job which will generate sample inspections.
```
